Make JsonWebToken available in arbitrarily activated CDI request context in HTTP proxy interceptors (#46715)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-customization.adoc

For that reason, asynchronous processing can have positive effect on performance.
<2> Common code for all supported security event types is possible because they all implement the `io.quarkus.security.spi.runtime.SecurityEvent` interface.

== `SecurityIdentity` injection in Vert.x route handlers

> Currently, if you need to inject `SecurityIdentity` in a Vert.x route handler which is registered directly on the xref:reactive-routes.adoc#using-vertx-web-router[Vert.x Web Router], then requesting the `SecurityIdentity` propagation is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to inject `SecurityIdentity` in a Vert.x route handler registered directly on the xref:reactive-routes.adoc#using-vertx-web-router[Vert.x Web Router], the `SecurityIdentity` propagation is required.
```

Trying to align it a bit closer with how the Doc team sometimes suggests it.

For example:

[source,java]
----
package io.quarkus.it.security;

public class RouterObserver {

    public void route(@Observes Router router, UserInformation userInformation) {
        router.route("/user-info").handler(event -> event.response().end(userInformation.getPrincipalName()));
    }

}
----

The `UserInformation` bean in the example can look like this:

[source,java]
----
package io.quarkus.it.security;

@ApplicationScoped
public class UserInformation {

    @Inject
    SecurityIdentity identity;

    @ActivateRequestContext
    String getPrincipalName() {
        return identity.getPrincipal().getName();
    }

}
----

For the `SecurityIdentity` injection in this example to work, you must activate the `SecurityIdentity` propagation:

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.http.auth.propagate-security-identity=true <1>
----

> <1> Propagate the `SecurityIdentity` when a Vert.x route handler is registered programmatically on the Vert.x HTTP router.

Reviewer: It would probably help to add "It is required because...", to clarify why is it necessary

Author: I'll try.

Author: Done, you might want to rephrase it, please have a look.
